Add bugfix (unrelased) notes for the tuple-indexed variables + `constraint_detection=True` issue (#146)
Jij-Inc/JijModeling-Tutorials: markdowns/en/releases/unreleased.md

In previous releases, the `latex` specifications were ignored in the code above, and the bounds were displayed as $L \leq x \leq U$.
Starting with this release, the settings are preserved as shown above, and the bounds are displayed as $\ell \leq x \leq \mathcal{U}$.

### Fixed a bug where problem evaluation with constraint detection crashed when decision variables were subscripted by tuples

> We fixed a bug where problem evaluation (with `constraint_detection=True`) crashed when decision variables were subscripted by tuples. For example, the following code used to crash previously:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We fixed a bug where problem evaluation with constraint detection enabled (e.g. by default, or non `False` value is passed for `constraint_detection=` keyword argument) crashed when decision variables were subscripted by tuples. For example, the following code used to crash previously:
```
